OSDOCS#8312: oc-mirror content improvement - Part 2 (#76555)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-setting-incremental-mirroring.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-disconnected.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="setting-incremental-mirroring_{context}"]
= Setting up for incremental mirroring

> You mirror images to install, upgrade, and maintain {product-title} in a disconnected environment. Because the volume of the image set needed to install or upgrade {product-title} can be substantial, oc-mirror keeps metadata about previously mirrored images in its storage backend thus reducing the volume of the image sets to the recent images only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You mirror images to install, upgrade, and maintain {product-title} in a disconnected environment. Because the volume of the image set needed to install or upgrade {product-title} can be substantial, oc-mirror stores the metadata of the previously mirrored images in its storage backend thus reducing the volume of the image sets to the recent images only.
```

You can specify the following storage backends:

* A local directory 
+
[NOTE]
====
This is not recommended for enterprise scenarios as it does not scale as effectively as the registry-based storage backend.
====
+
.Example `ImageSetConfiguration` file
[source,terminal]
----
kind: ImageSetConfiguration
apiVersion: mirror.openshift.io/v1alpha2
storageConfig:                                                    
  local:
    path: <oc_mirror_workspace> <1>
----
<1> Specify your target workspace path.

* A registry that supports Docker v2-2
+
.Example `ImageSetConfiguration` file
[source,terminal]
----
kind: ImageSetConfiguration
apiVersion: mirror.openshift.io/v1alpha2
storageConfig:                                                    
  registry:

>     imageURL: <example.com/mirror/oc-mirror-metadata> <1>              

Reviewer: Incorrect format

>     imageURL: <storage backend> <1>              

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    imageURL: <storage_backend> <1>              
```
